# Meeting Agenda - week 6

| Key          | Value                                                                            |
| ------------ |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 19.03.2024                                                                       |
| Time:        | 16:45                                                                            |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 3                                                                 |
| Chair        | Cristian Turcan                                                                  |
| Minute Taker | Jerzy Karremans                                                                  |
| Attendees:   | Diaconescu Rares, Blago Gunev, Alessandro Neri, Cristian Turcan, Jerzy Karremans, Stefan Lupsan |

## Opening (_5 min_)

- Opening by chair (_1 min_)
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (_2 min_)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (_2 min_)

## Points of action (_30-35 min_)

- Announcements by the TA (_5 min_)
    - feedback hci at the end of the week
    - next week feedback on pages (merge before thursday 28 march)
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)
    - Discuss the progress of the project (_5 min_)
    - Discuss personal experiences with tasks and coding (_10 min_)
        - How was the task distribution?
            - add weights to the tasks
            - prioritise tasks that have been opened earyler
        - Did you meet unexpected hurdles and how did you overcome them?
            - encountering merge conflicts
    - Discuss what needs to be done next (_10 min_)
        - Come up with tasks that were missing last week (_2 min_)
            - we need to start setting/ updating milestones
            - work more on tests!
            - add admin page as extra folder like client, server and commons
            - we need to figure out the websockets
        - Work division and deadlines (_7 min_)
            - Stefan and Blago will work on language switching
            - Cristian will do statistics
            - Rares will finish the communication between overview and start page
            - Jerzy will finish start page
            - Alessandro will do the search tags
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (5 min)

## Closure (_5-10 min_)

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (_5 min_)
    - chair did good :)
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (_2 min_)
- Closure (_1 min_)
